I have something sort of urgent that I
got to get out there, which is the
stroke risk that one might take on when
attempting something that I do not
recommend, which is the sugar diet.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I am a doctor
of biomedical engineering. I frequently
talk about all things physical medicine,
human physiology, sports performance,
and nutrition. And today I have
something sort of urgent that I got to
get out there, which is the stroke risk
that one might take on when attempting
something that I do not recommend, which
is the sugar diet. So, I already made a
video about this. The sugar diet's
really dumb. When you look at
what sort of things happen to your
specifically triglycerides when you
shift to a high carbohydrate
diet. Now the biggest problem with the
sugar diet is that you're eating all
carbohydrates and clearly you're going
to have a lot of carbohydrates if that's
your only fuel source. And now there's
different choices you can make when it
comes to carbohydrates. If it's all
fruit and vegetables, there's a lot of
fiber there and that slows down the
digestion of the sugars. So, most of the
articles
that are talking about how you have to
be careful like when they'll say like
too much sugar is indicated for high
risk of stroke, they're actually
specifically talking about added sugars
or straight sugars or processed sugars.
They're not necessarily talking about
fruits and vegetables, though.
Carbohydrates are all the same once
digested. The speed of digestion is
specifically a problem. But the amount
of added sugars, like for those who want
to try the sugar diet and they're just
like, you know, eating a couple candy
bars a day, you're really putting
yourself in a bad spot from a
cardiovascular health perspective.
There's a number of articles about it.
It's even made it to the mainstream.
Even in the mainstream
media, it's actually being reported on
correctly
for a nice change of pace. Don't do
this. This is a terrible idea. And
you're really just rolling the dice for
something sort of silly. There's better
ways to get lean. Prioritize protein.
Get your appetite down by prioritizing
protein. And then you can be super
healthy. And of course, protein helps
you replicate your cells, helps you
build muscle, gives you better skin
because the regenerative process of
creating new skin cells becomes
amplified with the higher level of
protein. And of course, if you want to
add essential amino acids to that,
that's phenomenal. You will do even
better by doing that. Really, seriously,
skip the sugar diet. If this video
helped you, I want you to subscribe and
follow. I'm going to put out videos on a
regular basis. I think they're going to
help a whole lot of people. Especially
if you're one of those people that
doesn't just instantly grow from lifting
regular weights. We've got the answer
for you.